the Brazilian woman a temptation for
where she passes she becomes attraction and in the
butt but turkey hair awaits your smell
is your unity prejudice where you would pass
to gain respect are known in the
the whole world she knows I 'm
saying and in the Sunday ballad the hall
reserve that the body goes to the ground looks
popular send a kiss she knows I
I'm saying I think I'm getting
crazy're already out of the ordinary
the Brazilian woman dominated general
I think I 'm staying at the club already.
the normal side ended the Brazilian woman
she dominated overall she likes the flu
new car is in the mouth of the
people just told me I was a stranger has
proud to be the first woman
Brazilian, our family then lends
attention to what I'm going to talk relationship
sensational
in this world there is nothing like it on the coast
show us your body by taking scola
coconut water but if you did not notice the
Truth, they are God's design.
crazy already colorado normal the woman
Brazilian she dominated overall I think
I'm staying in what's already out of
normal
brazilian woman she dominated general she
dominated the Brazilian woman's general
temptation wherever she goes she'll turn
attraction and on the butt touches turkey hair and
if your smell is your unit
prejudice and where she will
respect are known worldwide
You already know what I'm saying and in the ballad.
Sunday the hall receives your body goes until
the floor looks popular send her a kiss
You know I'm saying I think I'm
Getting crazy is out of the ordinary.
the Brazilian woman dominated general
I think I 'm staying in Japan the ball.
from normal
the Brazilian woman dominated general
she likes new car flu is on
mouth of the eyes of the people did not tell me
by foreigner
I'm proud to be a Brazilian woman.
Brazilian does not agree to open the
Pay attention to what I'm going to say.
they are sensational in this world there is not
nothing like the coast shows us your
body taking this as coconut water but
if you did not realize they are actually
God's design to going crazy already
agreed normal
the Brazilian woman dominated general
I think I 'm staying at the already out of the way.
normal
The Brazilian woman dominated the
dominated january